“I’m very pleased with our Q4 results and incredibly proud of the team’s execution on our 2016 strategic plan, particularly given the uniquely eventful past year for Yahoo. What we have achieved reflects some of the most impressive teamwork, focus, and resilience I’ve seen throughout my career. We continued to build our mobile and native businesses -- delivering nearly $1.5 billion in mobile revenue and over $750 million in native revenue -- while operating the company at the lowest cost structure in a decade. With our 2016 and Q4 financial results ahead of plan, and the continued stability in our user engagement trends, the opportunities ahead with Verizon look bright,” said Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo. “In addition to integration planning, our top priority continues to be enhancing security for our users. With security protocols and password changes in place, approximately 90% of our daily active users have already taken or do not need to take remedial action to protect their accounts, and we’re aggressively continuing to drive this number up. Our commitment to our users is unwavering, and we continue to be encouraged by their loyalty to us and their ongoing patronage of our products.” As previously announced, beginning in the second quarter of 2016, GAAP revenue and cost of revenue – TAC are impacted by a required change in revenue presentation related to the Eleventh Amendment to the Microsoft Search Agreement (“Change in Revenue Presentation,” as discussed below). For the fourth quarter of 2016, the Change in Revenue Presentation contributed $302 million to each of GAAP revenue and cost of revenue – TAC. Excluding the impact of this change, GAAP revenue would have been $1,167 million, an 8 percent decline from the fourth quarter of 2015, and cost of revenue – TAC would have been $207 million, a 24 percent decline from the fourth quarter of 2015. For the full year of 2016, the Change in Revenue Presentation contributed $812 million to each of GAAP revenue and cost of revenue – TAC. Excluding the impact of this change, GAAP revenue would have been $4,357 million, a 12 percent decline from 2015, and cost of revenue – TAC would have been $839 million, a 4 percent decline from 2015.
